Build Instructions:

The tools needed to run this application are: Eclipse for Java EE development, Java SE 9.0 or newer, Apache Tomcat v9.0.40 and also its source code distribution file, MySQL, JDBC Driver for MySQL, MySQL Workbench (optional).

To run this in Eclipse, first import our project. After the project opens up, we need to to set up Tomcat. Click on the Servers tab, and proceed to click the link that shows up to create a new server. From there, select the Apache folder and then the appropriate Tomcat server. After hitting next, it will prompt you to input the path to your Tomcat installation directory, provide it. Now we need to make sure JDBC  has the right path. Right click on the ‘OLS’ folder, and click on Properties. From there select the ‘Java Build Path’.  If ‘my-sql-connector.…jar’ has the wrong path, click on the Edit option and provide the path to the ‘my-sql-connector….jar’ file on your machine. If there’s also an error with your JRE file and it appears as unbounded on the ‘Modulepath’ folder, select the unbounded JRE, and click on Edit. There, it will prompt you to select an alternative JRE installed on your system. Select a Java SE version that is 9.0 or higher, and click on Finish. At this point we’ve configured all that we need in Eclipse. To be able to use our application successfully we also need to import our database into your machine. A way to do this is to use MySQL Workbench. In there you will have to have your root user as ‘root’, and your password as ‘dbpassword’, or you can change these credentials by going to the DBConnection.java file in OLS > src > edu > sdsu > mdperez > dao > DBConnection.java, and changing the strings for the ‘USERNAME’, and ‘PASSWORD’ to your credentials.  Once connected, click on the Server tab, and select Data Import. Click on the option ‘’Import From Self Contained-File, and select our sql file.  Our database/sql file is in OLS > databaseFiles > od.sql. Click on Start Import, and we’re done. Simply run the application on the login.jsp file in eclipse and it should all work.
